I sound like a 14 year old but my shut
up okay so the directions say that you
should take yeah yeah whatever
hmm great you only left me like two
pills well I guess one of us is gonna
have a way cooler voice for the audition
then
no guy that hung some little coils I'll
go sit up
so it's dead I know sir sir on and hard
for someone to voice the hero
bothell handsome Oh for my new anime and
who might you be
Michael Jesus Wow I have not heard a
full-grown man have such a kawaii girl
voice I got it up and who might you be
uh hi I'm Anthony and holy smokes our
Celica sexiest strongest buffest
blackest man on earth
um it excuse me for a moment answers you
don't sound sad like it's going to
shrivel up and die
okay you can shut the hell up now Moodle
dick dick arigato
so the Chi gonna make enough City for
you to kinda to have both of your boys
back think you get an idea of your
acting ability I'm gonna have you read
some famous lines from other animes oh I
am writing down notes the Titans are
coming in
Aaron take Mikasa and run please just
listen to what I say for once just one
last time I am writing down notes did
you just hit them a buck up you don't
have to translate my actions you idiot
well got a ball cock dude do though you
will be yoga you also don't have to
translate whatever I said directly to
you Klump
Donny bugger the nail mwah mwah holy SH
you're really dumb I'm taking notes
again now we will have you read lines
from our totally new original show
attack on sailor death Ball Z Bebop
Alchemist dang it
if we don't get into Neo Tokyo before
the giant tentacle losses attack our
high school robot slave women will never
be able to merge into our final forms
and tie oh man damn it Tim boo damn it
you know only my daughter oh my god that
was the worst reading I've ever heard in
my life
get off gotta my anime dojo now those
cool notes of she knocked on his hiya
zan Linda oh no Cuevas it Tony sick
she's yoga do - oh no no shit - get up
Monica Monica Monica denied ow hey if
you give us voice roles for your anime
I'll let you attack my deaf palsy
yo bite sick she did it got juicing ezel
yeah man me too
come on who's that let's go kill the
Bekaa dragon
that's not either of our force young man
I think your calculations and I was just
a freakin squirrel for like two seconds
yeah pick up my body out to the brick
who was totally worth it seriously shut
the fuck up
let's go watching put the video on the
left is a flipper cake box cake cake
cake farts can click that sexy video on
the right to see the series premiere of
our enemy but we she high school battle
totally normal
Decco got some knives go shut the hell
up